fix: Improve docs on shard and replica configuration (#5632)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/tasklist-deployment/tasklist-configuration.md

| camunda.tasklist.elasticsearch.numberOfReplicas | How many replicas Elasticsearch uses for all Tasklist indices. | 0             |

These values are applied only on first startup of Tasklist or during version update. After the Tasklist
ELS schema is created, settings may be adjusted directly in the ELS template:

- Changes to `camunda.tasklist.elasticsearch.numberOfShards` will only be applied to new indices. The number of shards for existing indices will not change.

> - Changes to `camunda.tasklist.elasticsearch.numberOfReplicas` will be applied to both existing and new indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes to `camunda.tasklist.elasticsearch.numberOfReplicas` will be applied to existing indices and index templates.
```
for templates we have this bug issue https://github.com/camunda/camunda/issues/31238 though :/

Author: Would it be preferable to change the text to
```
will be applied to existing indices but not index templates.
```
and leave a comment on that issue to also update the docs once the fix is merged?

Reviewer: I am not sure how we should document the known issues, @christinaausley any recommendation about this ?

Reviewer 2: We do have something like https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/reference/announcements-release-notes/870/870-release-notes/#known-bugs-in-the-870-release, but nothing for 8.8 yet. I would flag any known bugs/issues as an admonition for now.

Author: @houssain-barouni @christinaausley I made some changes based on the recommendations above. You can check the result in the deployed preview environment.

For convenience I'm also placing a screenshot here.

![Screenshot 2025-05-08 at 17 12 09](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9c261620-217e-42dc-92fb-b812dcc913ff)

Please let me know if you have recommendations for improvements.
